Document rich relationships (#212)
Financial-Times/runbook.md: docs/dependency-details.md

# Adding details to dependency relationships

> We have recently added support to adding additional information to dependency relationships.

Author: ```suggestion
We have recently added support for adding additional information to dependency relationships.
```

In RUNBOOK.md dependencies are specified as follows:

```md
## Dependencies

-   biz-ops-api
-   biz-ops-schema
```

> Now you can add 2 kinds of additional details:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also add 2 kinds of additional details:
```

> They support adding 2 kinds of additional details:

Author: ```suggestion
Now you can add 2 kinds of additional details:
```

> -   resiliencePatterns: one or more specific architectural patterns that can make a dependency more resilient. Choose from the list: Cache, DurableCache, GracefulDegradation, Replay, ManualFallback

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `resiliencePatterns`: one or more specific architectural patterns that can make a dependency more resilient. Choose from the list: `Cache`, `DurableCache`, `GracefulDegradation`, `Replay`, `ManualFallback`
```

Reviewer: Wondering if we could add a link to docs which describe what each of these means?

Author: good idea

Author: I'll add a link once the schema is merged to master

> -   resilienceDetails: A free text field to explain more about how resilience is implemented

Author: ```suggestion
-   resilienceDetails: A free text field to explain more about how resilience is implemented. This should be entered on a single line
```

> -   resilienceDetails: A free text field to explain more about how resilience is implemented. This should be entered on a single line

Author: ```suggestion
-   resilienceDetails: A free text field to explain more about how resilience is implemented.
```

To add these to your markdown file use a format very similar to YAML. The resiliencePatterns should be comma-separated (with or without whitespace). Adding them is optional (though if you have a dependency on a system of a lower service tier, it will improve your SOS score if you fill out the information). e.g.

```md
## Dependencies

-   biz-ops-api
    resiliencePatterns: Cache, Replay
    resilienceDetails: Calls to Biz Ops are held in an in memory cache. The app consumes a kinesis stream, which replays events that cause the application to error.
-   biz-ops-schema
```

## More generally

> This is the first example we've added to Biz Ops of adding properties directly onto relationships. This is a powerful addition to the graph model which you shoudl expect to see more of. The general pattern for adding these in RUNBOOK.md is

Author: ```suggestion
This is the first example we've added to Biz Ops of adding properties directly onto relationships. This is a powerful addition to the graph model which you should expect to see more of. The general pattern for adding these in RUNBOOK.md is
```
